Madeleine. How's Trav?
He heard the rumors Rusty's
been called back to the inquest?
How's Jessie?
Must be tough.
Is she struggling?
You know, if she wanted
to chat to us about it,
we could cover
some of her bills.
You've been harassing her
for a month, Neil.
Isn't there a rock
you should be under?
Hey.
Ugh! That Neil guy!
Such a creep!
Yeah. Wait till he's
on your lawn while
you're taking a shower.
He said something about
the inquest starting up again.
Mm-hmm. Feels like
it'll never finish.
Can I get you
a coffee or a tea?
Yeah. I'll take a green.
Cool.
You know, um...
I could just stay here
and watch the game with you.
To be honest, I think
I'll probably give it a miss.
But thank you.
I'm good.
Alright. Well...
dinner at my place
tomorrow night.
You have got to taste the way my
new au pair makes a Bolognese.
Yeah, maybe.
I hate hotels. Pillows are
always too thick or too thin.
Two's too many.
And one's not enough.
Okay. Step away
from the mirror.
What are you doing?
Um, I'm trying to turn a dress
I've already worn three times
into something
entirely different.
I thought you were just watching
the game at Kath's place.
Yeah. Yeah, I am.
Well, so, why's the dress
gotta be new?
Okay, if you have to
ask that question,
then there's no point
in telling you. Just...
be grateful that
you have a uniform.
-Shit.
-What?
Um, n-nothing.
-Oi.
-Alright. I-I gotta go.
Have a great game.
You'll be awesome.
Thanks. Love ya.
Love you too.
Maddy: Okay. Sorry
to leave you with it all.
I know it's a Saturday,
but, um,
things get a bit crazy
for away games,
and I've got a friend,
and she's not doing --
It's -- It's okay.
It's my job.
Um, also I didn't get a chance
to do the shopping,
but there's some money for food.
We can all go for a walk
to the markets later.
I'll make a roast.
Do you want dinner for
when you get back tonight?
Are you crying?
Quite possibly.
Don't know what you keep
doing with that dress,
but somehow you make it look
better every time I see you.
Hey, um,
just out of curiosity,
what are the return policies
generally like
at those high-end
boutiquey places?
Well, generally they do prefer
that you don't wear it
a dozen times
before you return it.
Hey! Look what
you've done with it now.
-You should be in design.
-Oh, there she is!
-Ahh!
Mother of two.
New partner.
Oh, what are these cards
that have just fallen out?
Hewett, Markham,
Cochrane, and Munn.
I bloody love it.Rolls off the tongue.
Thank you. I'm quite
fond of them myself.
How's the juggle going?
Well, with an au pair
with godlike child-wrangling
ability and impeccable
Polish housekeeping...
pretty bloody seamless.
And speaking of
kicking career goals,
how's the teaching going,
Paige?
Oh. Uh, yeah.
Yeah, it's pretty good.
Getting one or two sub lessons,
which is almost
consistent enough to get me
above the poverty line.
Oh, sweetheart, that's
what Dan's there for.
Oh, no. No.
Separate finances.
That's the rule.
Oh, well,
good for you.
-So, how's Jessie coping?
-Um...
Yeah. I --
Yeah, she's okay.
Not quite ready yet.
The press are still there.
-Creepy bloody Neil.
-Ugh. He's like a ringworm.
Yeah, but it's been a month.
What do they want?
Oh, he said something about
Rusty going back
to the inquest
this week?
He even offered to pay Jessie
for her story.
-Ugh.
-He's so gross.
Man on TV:
...two wins and two losses
in the wake of that devastating
tragedy a month ago,
and with the coronial inquest
still hanging over their heads,
the big question
is what sort of impact
is it having on this team?
Man #2:
Terrific question, JB,
and it's the great unknown,
isn't it?
We know that the captain,
Connor Marrello,
is clearly down on form,
and looking like a shadow
of the player he was last year.
He averages 13 contested
and 7 tackles a game,
ya dickhead!
How's Connor going
since the accident?
Oh, he's been spending
a lot of time at the club.
I think he feels a
responsibility to the boys.
One thing the Jets
can be grateful for
has been the blistering form
of rookie Daniel Fletcher.
-Hear, hear!
One thing we do have to
be grateful for --
Rusty dumped Karlie.
So at least
we don't have to listen
to her epiphanies any more.Uh, Tahls...
"Mindfulness just
made me realize
that all I was really
missing was...me."
-Hi!
No!
Karlie: And I just realized I
need to take control of my life.
I mean, I am
a Zen Juicy ambassador.
I'm not just Rusty O'Reilly's
missus.
A-And he's the one
who's gonna have to
sort his shit out
without me.
And t-the whole "tough boy"
thing's bullshit.
He uses more moisturizer
than I do.
Man:
They've got to re-gel.
They've got to come together
as a...
-Alright, ladies. Gather 'round.
Half-time selfie.
At least Karlie's
still got her sisters.
Uh, you know, maybe that's
not such a good idea,
you know,
to be seen taking sides.
Okay.
Let's just watch
the game, shall we?
Sure thing, Queen Kath.
Now, Karlie, you're more
than welcome to stay, but --
But what? I'm not sleeping
with Rusty anymore,
so I'm out of
your little squad?
You know what?
You're all just fake bitches.
-Okay
-Okay.
-How about some water?
-How about this?
How about you put down
that vodka kombucha
and call a cab, yes?
Yeah. I can --
I can give you a lift.
Thank you, Paige.
Whatever. Whatever.
You know what?
You all enjoy, until
your dickhead husbands
figure out your use-by dates
and ditch you, too.
-Thank you. Bye.
-Bye-bye, Karlie.
-Bye.
-See you.
Untag, unfollow,
unfriend.
It's a shame.
I was juststarting
to like her.
Just the one
with the, uh...
-Oh, that's a cute house.
Look.
You're new, so...
just so you know,
you're not Grace anymore.
Actually,
my name's Paige.
You're Daniel Fletcher's
missus.
It's Southern Jets number one,
it is boys second,
and Daniel third,
and then it's little Grace
way,way down here.
O-Okay.
I guess the club is the only
reason we know each other,
but they've been
so supportive of Jessie.
Oh. Yeah.
She's been getting
a lotof support.
Fuck it.
May as well say it now.
Round 20 last year,
Rusty was injured.
He said he was going around
to a mate's to watch the footy,
and I followed him.
And guess whose house
he really went to...
while Jack was away
playing in Perth.
Yeah, but Jack and Rusty
were mates, though, right?
Maybe he was...
-You didn't see them argue
at the Grand Final?
They hatedeach other.
I wouldn't be surprised
if the only reason
he was with me at all...
was to cover him and Jessie.
I miss you, too.
I can't.
There's too much heat on me
at the moment
with the press
and the inquest and...
I know.
We just have to wait.
Man: What a costly
50-meter penalty there,
given away by Jack Davies.
-JB, that's game over.
You just can't do that.
And as you'd expect now,
he's copping an absolute serve
from Rusty O'Reilly.
The wheels
have really come off.
-Absolutely. They're gone.
- Shit!
Sorry. I was calling
out, but you had your --
It doesn't matter!
You're home!
Ooh!
I'm -- I'm sorry
about the losing bit.
But you were so great!
Thanks.
Is that last year's
Grand Final?
Oh, yeah. Yep!
Well, look at you,
doing your research, eh?
Mmm! Yep.
That and, um...
Karlie told me about the fight
that Jack and Rusty had.
I had no idea.
-Wait. Karlie?
-Yeah.
She was at Kath's place.
And get this --
she reckons that Jessie and
Rusty are having an affair.
Rusty dumped Karlie.
I mean, she'd say anything.
Yeah, but it would make sense
of what I saw at the barbecue.
Hey, look.
It's been a big 24 hours.
Can we just leave this alone
for today? Just...
you know, get some food and have
a chat like normal people?
Yep. 'Course.
Sorry.
Maddy: I mean,
they've got a legal team
the size of Iceland, Jules.
They really should have had
those agreements back to us
last week.
-Hey, hey.
-Sorry about the game.
Agreed.
Where are the kids?
Joanna.
Yeah, well, my problem
is still with 13A.
Um, j--
Hang on a second.
-I'll make French toast?
-Um...
Ask Joanna. I've just
gotta sort this out.
Sorry. Sorry, Jules.
Go again.
-Kick it to me.
-Okay.
No, that's not gonna work.
-Over here!
-Nice. Okay.
Get ready. Get ready.
Soccer!
But 27 possessions
is your best this year.
Only eight were effective.
So, are you gonna have
to testify again, too?
-What?
-Well, apparently that...
journo Neil said that Rusty's
been called in again.
Ah, it's Neil.
It's probably just bullshit.
Yeah.
-Mum's back.
She wants to clear the air.
Or attempt to.
That's some pretty Beijing
level pollution.
Yeah, well, if we're
gonna get married,
we need to sort it out
at some point.
And by "sort it out,"
you mean Iapologize?
Fine. But she has to
apologize to me first.
I'm the one who lied.
And I intend to use that
as an argument trump card
for the next five years.
But she's the one who's always
treated me like shit.
-I wouldn't hold your breath.
-We'll see.
Does that mean
you'll do it?
-Dinner tomorrow.
The coroner's obviously
not satisfied
that Rusty gave
the full story.
It's probably
just clarification.
What is there
to clarify?!
This whole thing's gone
from smelling like roses
to rotten fish
very quickly.
And people are looking
for someone to blame.
It was your camp.
And you sanctioned it.
-I don't like surprises.
-Yeah, I'm aware of that.
I'll talk to Rusty.
If there's
something I don't know,
I better find out
before the coroner does.
Yep?
Who the fuck is Karlie?
Paige: "So much
for the sisterhood.
Rusty dumped me via text,
and then my WAG sisters
dumped me even harder.
#footyfamilymyarse."
-Why was Karlie even there?
-Uh...
What, she's not
with Rusty anymore,
so she can't
hang out with us?
Well, no, more because
she's crazy, but...
Okay. Karlie's not crazy.
She's just her.
Or is she just tryin' to make
the most of the attention
before people
forget about her?
She was dumped via text!
Why are you angry at me?
-Because you're being sexist.
-Oh, how is that sexist?
What if Jessie was having
an affair with Rusty?
okay, well, even if they were,
it's...none of our business.
It is if a man drowns
and the only witness
is the guy who's sleeping
with his wife.
-It was an accident, Paige.
-Okay. How do you know that?
I've told you.I know, but I still
don't understand
why Connor would tell you
not to talk.
To stop people making up
rumors about it.
Look, all I'm saying
is you weren't there
when Jack went
in the water, were you?
I didn't have to be.
Rusty was gutted when I got
there, and so was Connor.
Y-You don't understand
what it was like.
Look. Things are bad enough
at the club as it is.
Would you please
just let this go?
Kath: The club
is bullying Karlie.
First of all, this is a private
matter between the two of them.
Uh, which she wanted
made public.
And that is her choice,
but the club
is not directly involved,
and Rusty's going through --
The club is involved
if club culture is to blame.
We understand this
individual is upset.
Well, good. Just
don't say "individual."
It sounds cold.
We understand Karlie
is upset --
Don't use her name, either.
It makes her sympathetic.
Just say "she."
How about "arsehole"?
The women and the club are
clearly trying to support her.
Look at the photo.
She's in our home
watching the game with them.Perfect.
Right.
I'll deal with Karlie.
What are you gonna do
about Rusty?
I'll talk to Lauren.
He listens to her.
Come here.
You just have to
keep going.
It'll get better.
Can't get much worse.
Night.
Let's do dinner.
Tomorrow.
We'll go to that new
Thai place.
I can't.
I'm seeing Lauren.
Oh, of course.
I thought
you and Adam were...
Yeah, yeah, we do.
Just forgot what night it was.
No worries. Night.
Night.
-Morning.
-How's our rising star going?
Oh, yeah. Good, thanks.
I mean, it's a challenge.
Couldn't have asked
for a better start.
Getting a big head?
No, just grateful
for any opportunity.
-Ah...
-Um, actually, I was wondering
if there might be any more
of those opportunities
for classes
or subbing around?
I didn't realize quite how
expensive the city would be.
No, I was asking if Daniel
was getting a big head.
No. No, no, he's, um,
very grounded.
Good. God knows that's what
they all need right now
with Jack Davies and all this
nightmare with Rusty's ex.
Yeah. It's tough.
-Mmm!
If it makes you feel any better,
I hear that you are on the verge
of a senior call-up to the maths
department like any day now.
And, um, I mean, you
might not be interested,
but, um, if you do need
some extra cash,
I do this tutoring program
after school
and they're always looking
for extra teachers.
-Yes. Oh, that'd be great.
-Oh.
-Thanks.
-Mm-hmm.
Oh, excuse me.
-Oh. Mm-hmm.
-Sorry.
-Kath, hi.
-I'll show her dumped.
Well, just smile
while you do it,
'cause we already look like
a bunch of high-school molls.
-Maybe she's just lonely.
-Paige is right.
Our response should be one of
concern for her mental health.
Someone needs to speak to her.
I'd offer to,
but I think she's made
her mind up about me.
She thinks you're a queen.
Lucky we've got
an in-house lawyer.
I think she made her opinion
of me pretty clear.
-I'll talk to her.
-Yeah, nah.
Paige should do it.
She likes you.
And you're definitely
the most patient with her.
Just gently remind her
that we all have connections
that make it worthwhile
to remain friends.
Kath.
Hey, you better not be trying
to pay the bill again.
Ah, no.
Thanks again, by the way.
You're welcome.
What's up?
It's a bit delicate.
It's just there are some
things that I've heard.
I don't know. They're
probably just rumors.
What things?
Come on, Paige.
It's okay.
Who are we
talking about here?
-Jessie and Rusty.
-Right. What about them?
That the two of them are...
Who told you these things?
-Oh, no. No one.
-Karlie?
Honestly, it's just whispers.
Really, the point is, I --
I normally wouldn't
stick my nose into
other people's business,
but, because of the accident,
all the uncertainty...
Yeah, look, this is
a really awful situation.
I can see
how concerned you are.
And you know what?
That --
That's exactly why you
should speak to Karlie.
Yeah?
So, how are you feeling
about tomorrow?
About having to talk about
a mate dying all over again?
Yeah, great.
They might just need
to get more information.
Asking more questions isn't
gonna make me know any more.
Swap legs.
Have you talked to a psych
about any of this?
Crying about it
won't help.
It might help relieve
some of the stress.
I'm not stressed.
Top-level footy...
drug sanctions...
the death of a close friend...
break-up.
And how did you know
we broke up?
Karlie's post.
What post?
Jessie:
It's the inquest.
They keep growing out there,
like bacteria.
Ohh! Chocolate-covered
peanuts! You're a legend!
Although it's been
like six weeks.
I should probably shop
for myself again soon, right?
You, my dear,
can exploit my groceries
for as long as you need.
Although,
full disclosure --
today I do have
an ulterior motive.
Oh?
Just wanted to fill you in
on something.
-Do I wanna know?
-Oh, it's probably nothing.
It's just a stupid
rumor, but...
I thought you should know,
just in case it pops up.
It's about you and Rusty.
-What, as in...
-That you two are...
-Let me guess. Paige Dunkeley.
-Yeah.
She saw us talking
at your welcome barbecue,
and now she's got a scandal
to be part of.
Jess.
We're not...
by the way, Rusty and I,
in case you're wondering.
Right. I wasn't.
Ohh! That is exactly
what I needed.
My mantra for that
practice was "moving on."
Good. Mine was
"I didn't even know I had
that muscle. How is it hurting?"
Hey, look, um, I want to
thank you for, you know,
genuinely being there
for me through all of this.
-Oh, it's fine.
-No, no, really.
Look, you could have just cut me
off like all those other --
Mnh! Anyway.
Moving on.
They are genuinely concerned
for you, you know.
They do wanna stay friends.
Right.
'Cause you all, you know,
you know each other and, um,
you know other people
in the footy world and...
Well, well, connections.
So...
So it's better for everyone
if -- if we just...
They told you
to talk to me.
What? No!
No, I just thought that maybe
what you posted was not
in anyone's best interest,
including --
I can't believe you'd use yoga
as a weapon.
Rusty: Karlie!
What do you want?
I just want to know why you're
posting all this shit about me.
'Cause it's the truth.
What, you think it's a secret
where you used to go?
Do you think
I'm that stupid?
Mate, hey, maybe it's best
if we go inside.
No, no, you're not going
anywhere near me.
And neither are you.
I know your whole life
is a lie!
Guess what just happened.
Um, you spent the equivalent
of a small car on clothing?
Yeah, I was --
I was gonna tell you.
There's a lot of zeros
in that, Paige.
Yeah, it would have been
a lot less if you didn't get
such a terrible
interest rate.
Yeah, well, it's got
fantastic points.
Points are a rip-off.
-So this is myfault?
-No, I'm gonna...
I'm gonna pay it off, okay?
I'm sorry.
No, it's fine. I mean, I gave
you the card. I'll pay it.
No. I have to.
I got some extra
tutoring work with Tony.
-I'm gonna sort it out, okay?
-Okay.
Ohh!
That smells delicious!
-They were on my bag.
-They were in the sink.
They were on my bag
in the sink.
-They had mud and dirt on them.
-Uh, what's going on?
Joanna washed
my game socks.
It's "Yowanna," and I thought
they had been used.
They had! That's --
That's not the point.
They are my lucky socks!
Trav.
I don't wash them
when we lose, okay?
You understand?
I understand the words
you're saying,
but to be honest, the actual
logic makes no sense to me.
You are not
the only one, Joanna.
Everything's
shifting around.
The bowls are with the plates.
Corn Flakes are gone.
She is teaching our kids
fucking soccer!
Okay. What other
solution is there?
-Hm?
-Mum could move in.
I'm just gonna pretend
that you didn't say that.
What?
Oh. Jessie, are you okay?
Yeah, I don't think I can
come for dinner tonight.
There are even more press.
Well, you can just come here.
We'll pick you up.
But they'll just
follow us, Mads.
What?She can't get out
the front door.
Here.
Remember how Jack
used to escape those, uh,
ASADA blokes
after a big weekend?
I just didn't realize
that you becoming partner
was a straight-up trade
for being my partner.
It is my name on the building,
Trav. It's a lot of work,
work that you've had
for the past 10 years.
I still made time for us.
-Yeah, bye weeks and off-season.
-Well, no --
Like, French toast day.
French toast day is sacred.
Well, you should have
thought about that
before you signed on
to play another season
without telling me!
It's my turn, Trav.
Joanna is the fucking
Polish Mary Poppins,
and I'm finally feeling
like myself again,
so do not make me choose
between the two of you.
Hey!
Look! Who's that?
-Hey, mate.
-Hey.
Diane:
It's just epic.
The salt flats.
Salar de Uyuni.
The Arbol de Piedra.
The Rock Tree. Do you know it?
-No.
-Oh, stunning.
Google it.
Just like a Salvador Dali
painting. It's so evocative.
Sounds like it.
I heard about Jack when
I got back from La Paz.
Devastated.
So why is the inquest
starting up again?
Uh, I don't know.
Have you moved the painting
I gave you?
-The vagina?
-Sorry?
-The painting.
That's clearly
an abstract representation
of female genitalia.
Yes, we did move it.
Because we keep it
in the garage
and only bring it out
when you come over.
Tahls...
Because the truth is,
we don't really like it.
Radical honesty,
it's called.
Google it.
I thought it might be the
best way to handle tonight.
-Can we have a word?
-Of course.
Say what you want.
Radical honesty.
I'll go.
Why was your own mother
not told
about this publicity stunt
of a wedding?
Radical honesty.
See? She gets it.
It's just it's so heavy
at the moment.
I mean, uh, apart from Jack,
it's the losses, it's the --
-Thank you...
-Mm-hmm.
Social-media rubbish.
Well, you can forget
about all that tonight.
Are you gonna sing me
"happy birthday" or propose?
Well --
Would that be that bad?
Come on, Adam.
What?
We've talked about this.
It's -- It's a fantasy.
It's why I pay you.
It's obligation-free.
And you'd be obligation-free
if you left the club, too.
Seriously. What about
if there was no more --
no more money,
no more hotels?
I wanna be with you.
All or nothing.
I'm gonna have to
choose nothing.
The club, you mean.
-Hey.
I'm gonna go.
I'm not taking that.
The cleaner will be happy.
♪ Be who you are
♪ And give all that you've got
♪ It's easy
♪ And it's hard as this
♪ Though you try to resist
♪ It's just the way
♪ Of this world
♪ Let it be your oyster,
your pearl ♪
Jessie: Thank you guys
so much for this.
You're right. It was
exactly what I needed.
-Any time.
-Mmm.
-I'm all done, so, good night.
-Good night!
-Travis.
-Good night.
Thank you.
Well, I'll just go
to tuck the kids in.
Are you guys okay?
He feels
threatened by Joanna.
He should.
Now, I don't want to pry,
but I feel like we should just
rip off the band-aid
and talk about it.
Talk about what?
How many weeks you are.
H-How did you know?
Well, you know,
I'd like to claim
I've got some sort of
baby sixth sense,
but I saw the pregnancy test
in your rubbish bin.
Ohh! Sweetheart.
I know it's been so hard.
But I'm thrilled for you.
No, Maddy. You...
You can't tell
anyone, okay?
Okay. Okay.
Tahlia: Not coming from
old money like you, Diane,
does not mean
that I'm a hick.
I'm a very successful
businesswoman.
-Because of Connor's profile.
-Oh, please!
My appearance fee
is worth double Connor's!
Your appearance fee or what
you spend on your appearance?
Oh, so it's the way
that I look that makes me
not good enough
for your son?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Your adoptedson.
Tahlia, I have no issues
with the way you look...
or the fact that you
don't come from old money.
In fact, it would give me
some working-class cachet
to provide a girl from
the streets like yourself
a chance to come good
with my son.
-Oh, fuck me.
-No, what makes me judge
your suitability as
a life partner for my son,
if I am to be
radically honest,
is the fact that you
were unfaithful to him.
-You cheated on me first!
-Bullshit!
What about that hedge-fund
douchebag from Singapore?
Oh, God, that was
a martini pash,
and I told you straightaway,
and that was after
your promo girl.
No, it wasn't!
And she was PR!
Oh, God, I don't care
if she was
Sheryl fucking Sandberg.
You didn't mention her
when you ran off to
tell your mummy, did you?
-Yeah, 'cause I was
angry, okay? Fuck!
Just 'cause you
don't talk to yours.
-I do.
-Yeah. Once a year at Christmas.
Well, at least
she's my real mother.
You get a kick out of
hurting people, don't you?
Well, at least one of us
is getting a kick.
Man: 45 meters out.
Tight angle.
Here's Jack Davies.
Jack Davies' kick on its way.
And it's through.
Yeah, mate.
That's the way.
Is that Jack?
Sorry. It's probably
a bit weird talking to...
It's not as crazy as talking
to his old chair.
Here.
So, what do you
say to him?
Uh, that our, uh...
hard ball gets are lackluster,
stoppages are killin' us,
and our defensive setups
are as coordinated
as seagulls and a chip.
And I miss him
like a bastard.
You forgot our sloppy
forward pressure.
Oh, okay.
Give us a go.
Alright.
You can be Jack.
-Hey.
Sorry it's late.
Is, uh, Brian up?
No, he's out, actually.
You okay?
Yeah, just had Mum over
for dinner.
You want a wine?
I won't tell Brian
if you don't.
Form can't get any worse.
-It's a stressful time.
This never-ending inquiry
doesn't help.
Yeah, I know.
You know, it just occurred
to me today that...
you've kind of been forgotten
in all of this.
You and Jack joined the club
at the same time, didn't you?
The same year?
-Mm.
-And being captain...
Seeing him like that
must have been awful.
Yeah.
Wasn't, uh --
Wasn't the best day
of my life.
And then you're
fighting at home.
That's the way
it always works out.
When it rains, it pours.
How have you guys
done this for so long?
Um...
I dunno. I guess we've found
other ways to be resilient.
Mmm. Cheating probably
doesn't help.
Well, actually...
if you communicate
about it...
...having some outside support
can be really helpful.
Emotional and...
physical.
You know, I have been
trying to get Rusty
to open up all day today
about the accident,
and I realized
that I hadn't even really
talked to youabout it.
Just gotta keep moving.
You've been very kind,
pretending not to remember.
-I do not remember that.
-Oh, come on. When I --
When I was living with you
and I first moved here.
I remember that,
but I don't remember...
-Yeah, you...
You, uh -- You knocked on
the door just as I, um...
No.
-Yeah, Kath Rickards,
football royalty, uh...
who I had
a massive crush on.
-Oh, you did not.
-Yeah, I did.
That's pretty cute.
It wasn't cute.
It was excruciating.
That was a longtime ago.
Yeah.
-We should, um...
-Yep.
I'll apologize to...
Yo-anna.
It's --
It's not about the socks.
Of course it's not, idiot.
You lost your best mate.
Shit!
-Where the fuck have you been?
-Sorry.
I'm sorry I didn't tell Mum
everything. I'm going to.
No. I'm sorry.
Radical honesty
was nota good idea.
-Give me the vagina.
-What are you doing?
I don't care what she says.
You're my family.
Wait!  No.
I appreciate the gesture.
But this is actually
worth a bit of money.
-Hey.
-How was your night?
-Good. Yours?
-Yeah. Nice.
-Yeah?
You heading straight
to the inquest now?
-Yeah.
-Brian.
Shit.
Hey, Jess.
How are ya?
Did they pay you a lot?
What?
Leaked by someone
inside the club.
I wonder who that could be.
I have no idea what...
Just stop talking
shit about me
and stay away
from my family.
Paige. What is she
talkin' about?
Alright. Walk with me.
I've got five minutes.
-okay.
-Well, it's gotta be Karlie.
Not according to Jessie.
She went straight to Paige.
Well, Paige came to me
a few days ago
asking if Rusty and Jessie
were having an affair.
-Why would she go public?
-The money?
She needed it,
and Neil was offering.
What if it is true?
About Rusty and Jessie?
Well, even if it is, it's for us
to deal with, no one else.
She seemed so sweet
and straight.
Like a little Chihuahua.
-Guess we let her in too early.
-Mm-hmm.
Well, we just have to be
really careful, especially now.
We can only trust
each other.
Such a shame.
-There he is.
-Any comments, Rusty?
How do you respond to these
sources within the club
that you and Jessie Davies
were having an affair?
You nervous, Rusty?What have you got
to say, Rusty?
Did Jack Davies know
about the relationship
between you and his wife?
Come on, mate.
Rusty:
I solemnly and sincerely declare
that the evidence I shall give
will be the truth,
the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth.
Jessie! Jessie!
-Are you here to support Rusty?
-Look here. Jessie!
Over here! This way!
Jessie! Jessie!
And, so, what happened
just prior to the accident?
Hey.
Mr. O'Reilly?
We had a disagreement.
Over what?
We hadn't seen eye to eye
since last year.
Did you hold Mr. Davies
responsible
for your
Grand Final loss?
I think
the bigger issue was...
that he did.
So how did Mr. Davies
end up in the water?
We had an argument.
Now, see, you're a gutless prick
like you've always been!
Things got heated,
and he went under.
Jack!
-Oi! Where's Jack?!
-What have you done?!
He was under for maybe...
10 seconds.
By the time I got to him,
he'd already surfaced.
-You all right?
-Give us a hand?
Nah, leave him there.
Soft prick.
Toughen up, princess!
Woman:
Was anyone else there?
Mr. O'Reilly?
No.
Went to right his kayak.
I kept going, and...
we found him on our way back.
-I did not do this, Kath.
-You told me.
Yeah, 'cause I know you
and I trust you,
and I thought
you trusted me.
Yeah, I thought I did, too.
We've only known each other
a few weeks, haven't we?
-So you think it was Karlie?
-No.
-If it wasn't...
-It wasn't.
Oh, my God!
Kathy Rickards!
Bloody hell!
I'm Toni.
Don't worry, Paige.
I'll introduce myself.
-I am a massive fan.
-Ohh!
-Any chance of a selfie?
-Of course.
Bags right, though.
It's my best side.
Oh, get out.
You don't have a bad side.
Shut up.
Actually, Paige,
can you take it?
Thanks, Paige.
Mmm. So, what are you
ladies talking about?
Well, we were just --
Actually, T-Toni...
It's Toni, isn't it?
Do you mind
giving us a minute?
-Right! Absolutely.
-Thank you.
So nice to meet you.
Paige, what we need is for
our allies to be our allies.
Now, I would suggest that if
you arein fact an ally...
you start acting like one.
Okay?
Get behind this club
like the rest of us.
You know, if anyone's
damaging the club, it's Rusty.
He's actually a member
of the club, unlike me.
What I am is a teacher.
What you are
is expendable.
Now, I hope for your sake
that you're telling the truth.
I'm here because I love Daniel.
That's all.
Really? Huh.
For someone you're
supposed to love,
you're making life
verydifficult for him.
-I'm on your side, okay?
-Yeah, but do you believe me?
Well, I believe that
you didn't sell the story.
-But...?
-I dunno! Maybe you...
I dunno --
Maybe you mentioned it
to someone at school
or whatever and they...
-Oh, my God.
-Look, you're very trusting,
is all I'm saying.
Yeah, but not
trustworthy, right?
No!
Yes, that's exactly
what you're saying.
Well, you were talking about
all this before anyone else was.
Yeah! But I wouldn't
say it publicly!
Uh -- I can't believe you.
You can't believe me?
Paige.
I am trying to play
my rookie season...
while dealing with a media
shitstorm and a team tragedy
while my girlfriend runs around
like fucking Sherlock Holmes,
diggin' up stuff,
trying to solve things
that don't need solving.
Look. Look. If you are
telling the truth, this...
It's all gonna be fine.
And there's no need to worry
about that money stuff
anymore anyway
'cause I paid off
the credit card.
I said I'd do it.
Yeah, well, the interest
would've smashed us.
-You got that interest rate.
-So I paid it off.
Okay. Well...
Ta.
I gotta -- I dunno --
get some fresh air.
♪ Take a breath
♪ You left your lights on
Boy: Ah!
♪ Next time...
Listen.
I want you to know that I will
be there for you no matter what,
and I won't tell a soul.
Um...
♪ But you say the same thing,
it's all the same to me... ♪
Before you ask,
it's not Rusty's.
♪ Give it time to mend
You need anything, any time,
you call me, okay?
Okay.
Alright. I should go.
♪ How did I not realize I was
just being your advice? ♪
♪ I'm more than a way out
Hey, you guys!
Yay! Hey!
Come here, little mister.
We gotta go.
♪ On the way down
Hang on. One second.
Hey. It's me.
Call me back.
There's something
I need to tell you.
♪ 'Cause I found out
on the way down ♪
♪ On the way down,
Rusty.
♪ Down, on the way down,
on the way down ♪